Add note about default JWT expiration (#401)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/upgrade-guide/3-1-to-3-2.mdx

## Preparation

Version 3.2 introduces some breaking changes necessary to ensure the highest quality of our API.

> ## Default JWT token expiration

Reviewer: Remove "default", tokens are meant to expire.

> Since Saleor 3.2, JWT token expiration is enabled by default. The default expiration time is 5 minutes and can be controlled server-side with `JWT_TTL_ACCESS` environment variable. See [Refreshing an access token](developer/users.mdx#refreshing-an-access-token) to learn how to refresh the token in your client app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Saleor 3.2, JWT token expiration time is set to 5 minutes and can be controlled server-side with `JWT_TTL_ACCESS` environment variable. See [Refreshing an access token](developer/users.mdx#refreshing-an-access-token) to learn how to refresh the token in your client app.
```
